I didn't expect my brother to collapse
There is also my brother, woohoo
This must be fake. My brother is so good
Brain fan upstairs
Fight fans like this
Sitting and waiting for the evidence to remember, this is offending, right?
It's like whitening agent upstairs, right?
Get out of my god
Technician, so many people exploded this time
I will never dare to follow a technician's artist again
Is a technician a garbage dump?
So many abusive artists
I don't know how the uncle is.
Do you know who it is?
Mr. Ji, I found out during the investigation
Someone whispered in private
Even if part of the music company's surveillance
what do you look like?
Although the office surveillance is broken
But the surveillance in the corridor is good
A monitor around the corner
Four small offices just right across the street
It recorded everything that happened
We enjoy character comparison
Found out to be the head of the clothing department
Logically speaking
He has no reason to frame the villain
Call the police directly
Should know the answer right away